hello ladies and gentlemen this is
Dennis challenge with gamer fusion com
bring you another Pokemon Omega Ruby and
alpha sapphire exclusive event now this
event is for the EON ticket for those of
you who don't know the Aeon ticket is a
basically a ticket that you can that
allows you to go to the southern island
in Pokemon Omega Ruby alpha sapphire and
there you will find the other latias or
larios character depending on which game
you have and you can battle it and catch
it slow the to get this event you got to
go through the mystery gift and this
event is happening from today um
februari 27th till March second so
basically you guys just have this
weekend to get this event so spread this
around as much as you can to let
everybody know everyone who is
interested in omega ruby alpha sapphire
and getting beer thing so here's here we
go go into mystery event we can receive
gift internet connection must be got it
get with code okay and the code for this
is a suit of a code once for the UK and
the others for North America the North
America one is 2015 latios alot eos no
just kind of wait for that and the
European code
is Pokemon 380 381 which 380 and 381 is
actually latios and latias is pokédex
numbers so that's easy to remember for
you guys alright so let's pop in the
2015 left here's the T yo u go with
their juice okay let's do this verifying
code searching for the gift please wait
dude dude all right here we are the Aeon
ticket now I'm not far enough in the
game to show you where you need to go to
get this pokemon as of yet but when we
get there okay and I have my LP go far a
little bit further I'll be able to show
you guys it so it's an eia with this
ticket you can travel to the southern
island the petalburg gym leader norman
will tell you more so i guess we need to
talk to our characters father Norman but
first we need to pick it up from the
lady lighting the person at the Pokemon
Center so let's go and do that right now
all right here we are at our pokemon
center and here is the delivery girl yes
I a me and Yandy I definitely do have an
item with my name on it now I'm curious
oh wow oh my that gift you have is an
eon ticket yes you could take a ferry to
the Sun island where the Aeon Pokemon
live I heard that norman the petalburg
gym leader knows how to take that fair
we look forward to serving you again
okay well that's that's as much
information as we got here um I am
curious and cuz yeah I know before the
Elan tickets were delivered out via
StreetPass email i never got one because
i don't really go out much especially I
don't go anywhere with my 3d yes too
much because I I don't know it's not a
real good reason I really should get
StreetPass is fun but yeah the game up
and I'm going to do a little test just
to see if the EON ticket will well
basically do a thing it will if it will
be transferred via Street baths if this
aeon ticket will be able to be
transferred by a steep pass or not so
yeah okay so after a little bit of
testing we weren't able to transfer the
the EON ticket via StreetPass that we
got from the code so if you guys want it
through the code you're going to have to
get it through the code and which means
you'll have to get over this weekend so
be guys be sure to share and like this
video just so that everyone can get
their hands on a ve on ticket that they
if they haven't gotten one already and
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
and remember that gamer fusion empowers
your gaming I'll catch you in the next
Pokemon events they'll be coming up
shortly bye for now
you